in my case I can look teaches us
all the injured but the number 1 only lost
Only folia carnival of salvador 2012
offering mining and
earthworks micareta of fair of
santana and April 19 to 22 heal fire
extinguishers newspaper leaf of the state to 2 and
lighting state deputy zé neto am
I said no no no
you keep
[Music]
I think it's difficult for the camera.
already played better than your husband this
find your friend but the crime
the term
the money had money
I was sure that all these people
to roll
the city ​​of jacmel
in your car
[Music]
is the case of the trial engineers
yesterday
the Brazil has no owner
the right
the entity has not given importance to the
our football
the rain
[Music]
for the love of God
Brazil plays your team, it focuses on who it is
countered by botafogo
anywhere in Brazil
[Music]